The world of security,
which we also refer to as
cybersecurity throughout
this program, is vast.
So making sure that you have
the knowledge, skills, and
tools to successfully navigate
this world is why we're here.
In the following videos,
you'll learn about the focus of
CISSP's eight security domains.
Then, we'll discuss threats, risks,
and vulnerabilities in more detail.
We'll also introduce you to
the three layers of the web and
share some examples to help you understand
the different types of attacks that we'll
discuss throughout the program.
Finally, we'll examine how to manage
risks by using the National Institute of
Standards and Technology's Risk Management
Framework, known as the NIST RMF.
Because these topics and
related technical skills are considered
core knowledge in the security field,
continuing to build your understanding
of them will help you mitigate and
manage the risks and threats that
organizations face on a daily basis.
In the next video, we'll further
discuss the focus of the eight security
domains introduced in the first course.